# Shopify Product Taxonomy - Attributes: 0.10.0
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2906 : 3D glasses material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2649 : AI application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2703 : ATV/Off-road tire type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2184 : Abrasive material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1460 : Absinthe style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1461 : Absinthe variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/894  : Absorbency level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2529 : Academic level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/50   : Accessory size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2461 : Accordion tuning
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1598 : Active ingredient
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/5    : Activity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1547 : Activity tracker design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1543 : Acupuncture model format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1544 : Acupuncture model type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2273 : Additional features
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2319 : Adhesive type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2425 : Adjustability
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/30   : Age group
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2274 : Age restrictions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2708 : Air freshener form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2287 : Album type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1362 : Alert type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1451 : Allergen information
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1577 : Allergen test type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1631 : Allergens
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1800 : Amplifier class
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2690 : Amplifier configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1808 : Amplifier/Booster suitable location
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1258 : Anchor type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2198 : Anemometer application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1883 : Angles supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1289 : Angling style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2550 : Animal feed form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1308 : Animal type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1828 : Antenna type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2710 : Antifreeze type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1560 : Application area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1316 : Application method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1639 : Applicator material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2317 : Applique shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2314 : Applique/Patch shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1708 : Aquarium light spectrum
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1302 : Archery activity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2888 : Archery equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1303 : Archery style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1659 : Aromatherapy
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2496 : Arrangement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2883 : Arrow fletching material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2886 : Arrow material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2299 : Art fixative application method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2386 : Art style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2930 : Art/Crafting tool material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2796 : Artwork frame material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2666 : Artwork type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1737 : Attachment method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/844  : Attachment options
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1267 : Attachment type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1806 : Audio D/A converter (DAC)
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1822 : Audio codecs/formats supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1813 : Audio connectivity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1801 : Audio output channel
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1802 : Audio output format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1818 : Audio purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1803 : Audio technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2374 : Authenticity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2016 : Auto focusing modes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2613 : Autoclave sterilization method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2361 : Autograph type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2583 : Automation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2526 : Award design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2525 : Award occasion
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1426 : Awning construction type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2823 : Awning design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1836 : BIOS type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1759 : Baby drink packaging
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1758 : Baby food flavor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1761 : Baby formula format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1717 : Baby gift items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1720 : Baby health items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1762 : Baby snack flavor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1763 : Baby snack texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1531 : Back type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2047 : Background design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2185 : Backing material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1527 : Backrest type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1540 : Backrest upholstery material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2222 : Bag strap type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2725 : Bag type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1983 : Bag/Case closure
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2784 : Bag/Case material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1394 : Bakeware pieces included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2813 : Bakeware shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1486 : Baking purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2812 : Baking sheet material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2844 : Ball material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1206 : Ball size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2505 : Balloon kit items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2506 : Balloon shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/114  : Band color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/115  : Band material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2242 : Band strength
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2507 : Banner design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2860 : Bar mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1902 : Barcode scanner interface
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1903 : Barcode supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1648 : Barrel material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2810 : Barware material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1660 : Base oil
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1471 : Base spirit
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1795 : Base type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1970 : Baseball/Softball ball type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2798 : Basket material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2846 : Basketball equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2462 : Bass button configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2845 : Bat material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1209 : Bat standard
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2141 : Bathtub base design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2142 : Bathtub skirt shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2398 : Baton grip design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1926 : Battery cell type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1682 : Battery size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1856 : Battery technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1571 : Battery type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2318 : Bead shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2401 : Beat subdivisions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2424 : Beater head size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1546 : Bed pan type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1441 : Bedding pieces included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1259 : Bedding size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1453 : Beer style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1454 : Beer variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2579 : Bell design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2464 : Bell size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2580 : Bell sound
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2721 : Belt type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/41   : Best uses
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2213 : Bevel type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1976 : Beverage product form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1771 : Bib design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1275 : Bicycle brake type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2156 : Bidet mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2233 : Binder ring shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1319 : Binding mount
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2237 : Binding style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2034 : Binocular design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2508 : Birthday candle design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1457 : Bitter variery
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1220 : Blade curve
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2189 : Blade design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1388 : Blade material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2598 : Blade shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1251 : Blade type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2614 : Blending type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2808 : Blind/Shade style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1578 : Blood test kit components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1255 : Board concave shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2759 : Board game mechanics
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2092 : Board material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2264 : Board mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1256 : Board profile
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2267 : Board surface
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1312 : Board type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2754 : Boat type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1563 : Body area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2744 : Body color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2190 : Body material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1678 : Body/Facial hair type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1371 : Boiler system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2123 : Bolt form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2887 : Bolt material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2921 : Book cover material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2538 : Book cover type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2230 : Bookmark design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2231 : Bookmark shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1204 : Boot style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1284 : Boot type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2015 : Borescope design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2390 : Bottle closure type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1768 : Bottle design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2901 : Bottle material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1691 : Bottle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2221 : Bottle/Container closure
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2568 : Bottom surface material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2938 : Bow hair material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2726 : Box type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1195 : Bra closure type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1196 : Bra coverage
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1191 : Bra strap type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1192 : Bra support level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2115 : Bracket/Brace design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1462 : Brandy variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1663 : Breath sprays certifications
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2228 : Brightness levels
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1408 : Bristle material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1603 : Bristle shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2885 : Broadhead/Field point material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1613 : Brush head usage
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2792 : Brush material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2346 : Brush size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1685 : Brush type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1391 : Bug type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2912 : Building board material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2076 : Building consumable form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1437 : Bulb cap type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1438 : Bulb shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1435 : Bulb size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1436 : Bulb type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2573 : Bulldozer blade type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2632 : Bullet protection level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2566 : Bullion form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2569 : Burner material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1292 : Butt cap material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2295 : Button/Snap closure type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1790 : Cabinet type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2908 : Cable housing material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1892 : Cable shielding
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1276 : Cable type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2720 : Cage type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2238 : Calendar format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2018 : Camera HD type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2006 : Camera attachment
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2002 : Camera button/knob type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2000 : Camera control type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2017 : Camera display technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1997 : Camera gear type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2909 : Camera lens material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1979 : Camera lens type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1995 : Camera mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1998 : Camera sensor type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1330 : Camera shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2277 : Candle kit items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2836 : Candle material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2801 : Candle shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2278 : Candle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1494 : Canned meat variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1431 : Canopy material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2334 : Canvas finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2928 : Canvas material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2335 : Canvas texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2709 : Car freshener fragrance
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1742 : Car seat installation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1743 : Car seat orientation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2746 : Car type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1266 : Carabiner gate type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2872 : Carabiner shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2366 : Card attributes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2521 : Card design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2517 : Card format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2520 : Card holder design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2503 : Card size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2336 : Care instructions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2226 : Carry options
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1746 : Carrying positions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1984 : Carrying type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2597 : Cart design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2749 : Cart type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1825 : Cartridge type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/116  : Case color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1798 : Case type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2691 : Cassette adapter type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1699 : Cat age group
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1702 : Cat litter formula
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2320 : Celebration type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1854 : Certifications & standards
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/98   : Chain link type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2728 : Chain type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2265 : Chalkboard surface
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2714 : Charger type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2682 : Charging cable type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2683 : Charging level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1929 : Charging method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1870 : Chassis type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2055 : Chemical application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2058 : Chemical container type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2611 : Chemical grade
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2057 : Chemical product form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2612 : Chemical purity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2056 : Chemical safety features
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2552 : Chicken feed stage
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2874 : Child seat placement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2574 : Chipper technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2596 : Chiropractic table design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2192 : Chuck type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1502 : Cigar body
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2164 : Circuit breaker design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2163 : Circuit breaker panel form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2165 : Circuit breaker type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2482 : Clarinet key system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/108  : Clasp type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1655 : Claw design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2331 : Clay texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2735 : Cleaner purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1779 : Cleaning instructions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1387 : Cleaning purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2459 : Cleaning solution
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1378 : Cleaning surfaces
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2733 : Cleat type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1268 : Climbing activity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2248 : Clip type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1442 : Closure style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/80   : Closure type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2779 : Clothing accessory material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1287 : Clothing type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1298 : Club subset
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1299 : Club type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2070 : Coating/Sealant application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2509 : Cocktail decoration design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2942 : Cocktail decoration material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1490 : Coffee creamer variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1398 : Coffee input type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1977 : Coffee product form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1477 : Coffee roast
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1413 : Coffee/Tea set pieces included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1509 : Coil connection
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2931 : Coin material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2861 : Collar lock type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2011 : Collar/Mount compatible device
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2012 : Collar/Mount design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1    : Color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1962 : Color accuracy standards
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1989 : Color saturation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2555 : Communication protocols
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2871 : Compass style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1888 : Compatible HDCP
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2679 : Compatible aircraft type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2412 : Compatible amplifier
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1705 : Compatible aquarium
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1764 : Compatible baby bottle design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1749 : Compatible baby carrier type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1752 : Compatible baby chair type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1751 : Compatible baby transport type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1212 : Compatible ball type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1923 : Compatible battery size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1924 : Compatible battery technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1231 : Compatible bench positions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1270 : Compatible bike type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2396 : Compatible brass instrument
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2452 : Compatible clarinet type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1600 : Compatible cosmetic tools
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1930 : Compatible device
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2426 : Compatible drum configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2416 : Compatible electric/acoustic instrument
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1905 : Compatible electronic card type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1232 : Compatible exercises
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1944 : Compatible filament
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2042 : Compatible film type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2456 : Compatible flute type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1967 : Compatible game format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1420 : Compatible gardening tool
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1642 : Compatible hair color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1430 : Compatible hammock design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2457 : Compatible harmonica type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1395 : Compatible hob type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2409 : Compatible instrument
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2421 : Compatible keyboard configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1336 : Compatible lock type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1605 : Compatible makeup
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1513 : Compatible mattress size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2019 : Compatible memory cards
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1794 : Compatible microphone thread
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1898 : Compatible motherboard form factor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2458 : Compatible oboe type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1548 : Compatible operating system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2443 : Compatible orchestral string instrument
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1951 : Compatible paper size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2590 : Compatible patient profile
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2423 : Compatible percussion instrument
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2774 : Compatible play vehicle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2692 : Compatible player
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2338 : Compatible printer
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1837 : Compatible processor series
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2642 : Compatible programming languages
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1402 : Compatible recipes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1968 : Compatible resolution
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1748 : Compatible seat type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1640 : Compatible shoe size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2667 : Compatible software platform
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2524 : Compatible special effects device
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2433 : Compatible string instrument
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1750 : Compatible stroller type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1369 : Compatible vacuum type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1714 : Compatible vehicle
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1588 : Compatible walking aid equipment
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1235 : Compatible weight lifting accessory
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2643 : Compliance certifications
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1831 : Component output type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1829 : Component package type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1966 : Compression format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1595 : Compression level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1897 : Computer accessories included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1871 : Computer form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2463 : Concertina button configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2360 : Condition
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1652 : Conditioner effect
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1557 : Condom type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2144 : Connecting thread
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2028 : Connection method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1811 : Connection type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1272 : Connectivity technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2129 : Connector design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1830 : Connector gender
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1969 : Console system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1629 : Constitutive ingredients
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2770 : Construction set theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2671 : Content features
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1990 : Contrast
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1955 : Contrast ratio (typical)
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2413 : Control functions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2558 : Control method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1359 : Control technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1331 : Control type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2556 : Controller design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2559 : Controller drive type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1986 : Converter functionality
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2584 : Conveyor operation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1493 : Cooking method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1487 : Cooking wine variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2811 : Cookware/Bakeware material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1872 : Cooling technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2118 : Cord fastening system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1973 : Core material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2494 : Corsage/Boutonnière design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1857 : Cosmetic condition
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1614 : Cosmetic finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1630 : Cosmetic function
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2564 : Costume theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2577 : Counter shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2364 : Country
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1455 : Country of origin
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1784 : Cover closure design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1427 : Cover color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1341 : Cover material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1428 : Cover pattern
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2707 : Cover type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2658 : Coverage area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2659 : Coverage region
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2345 : Craft knife design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2321 : Craft project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2329 : Craft/Sculpting project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2873 : Crampon attachment type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2293 : Creative art project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2849 : Cricket equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1589 : Crutch type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2375 : Crystal system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1239 : Cue style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1240 : Cue type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1241 : Cue wrap
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1495 : Cuisine
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1447 : Culinary botanical name
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/17   : Cup size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1650 : Curler type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2606 : Currencies supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1791 : Currency
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2610 : Currency type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2654 : Customer support channels
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1422 : Cutting method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1278 : Cycling style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1858 : Data network
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2782 : Decoration material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2348 : Decorative stamp design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2365 : Denomination
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1664 : Dental floss thickness level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1665 : Dental mouthguard certifications
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2563 : Dental paste flavor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2561 : Dentistry items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1667 : Denture base color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1668 : Denture teeth color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2650 : Deployment type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2410 : Desk size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1570 : Detailed ingredients
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1579 : Detectable drugs
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2200 : Detected gases
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2582 : Detector sensitivity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1368 : Detector type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/845  : Device interface
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2197 : Device technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/118  : Dial color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2900 : Diaper bag material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1754 : Diaper kit components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1757 : Diaper size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1573 : Diaper type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2761 : Dice shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1834 : Dielectric type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1452 : Dietary preferences
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1567 : Dietary use
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2768 : Difficulty level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2048 : Diffuser design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1809 : Digital sound processing
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1414 : Dinnerware pieces included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1379 : Dirt separating method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2575 : Discharge type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2662 : Disk format type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1384 : Dispenser type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1730 : Display color mode
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2046 : Display mode
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2548 : Display recommended use
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1334 : Display resolution
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2622 : Display sign design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1248 : Display technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2809 : Disposable bag material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2943 : Disposable tableware material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2866 : Diving regulator style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2864 : Diving/Snorkeling equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1703 : Dog age group
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2771 : Doll target gender
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2088 : Door application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2079 : Door closer application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2080 : Door closer design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1519 : Door color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2084 : Door frame application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2085 : Door frame finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2089 : Door glass finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2086 : Door knob function
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2799 : Door mat base material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2800 : Door mat surface material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1520 : Door material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2087 : Door stop placement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1724 : Door stopper design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2090 : Door suitable location
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2091 : Door surface finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1521 : Door type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1747 : Double stroller configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2543 : Download format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2146 : Drain location
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2280 : Drawing/Painting kit items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2604 : Drilling method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2605 : Drilling rig orientation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2820 : Drinkware material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1415 : Drinkware pieces included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2217 : Drive size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2576 : Drive type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2470 : Drum configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2934 : Drum hardware material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1492 : Dry bean variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1380 : Dry/Wet cleaning
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2134 : Dryer technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1601 : Drying speed
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2135 : Duct shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1950 : Duplexing technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1381 : Dust container type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2638 : Dust mask type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2304 : Dye form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1223 : Dynamic level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1878 : E-book formats supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1510 : E-cigarette/Vaporizer style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1506 : E-liquid flavor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1507 : E-liquid variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2904 : E-reader display technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2672 : ESRB rating
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2688 : EV battery type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2686 : EV connector/adapter type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2687 : EV conversion kit components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2837 : Ear car application method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1636 : Earplug use
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2078 : Edge style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2818 : Edge type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2657 : Education level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1353 : Egg decorating items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2763 : Electronic game genre
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2927 : Embellishment/Trim material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2288 : Embellishments
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2327 : Embossing project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2454 : Embouchure hole shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1363 : Emergency items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2623 : Emergency/Safety sign design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1945 : Enclosure type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1370 : Energy efficiency class
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1956 : Energy efficiency class (HDR)
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1957 : Energy efficiency class (SDR)
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2175 : Engine design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2176 : Engine purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2694 : Engine type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2527 : Engraving
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2514 : Envelope seal design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2592 : Equipment operation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2371 : Era
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1936 : Ethernet LAN interface type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1372 : Evaporation technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2275 : Event type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2859 : Exercise equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2858 : Exercise equipment material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2853 : Exercise mat material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1838 : Expansion slots
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2026 : Exposure control
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2492 : Extended saxophone range
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1365 : Extinguisher rating
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1366 : Extinguishing agent type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1404 : Extraction type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1609 : Extractor tip style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1656 : Eye pillow shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1618 : Eye shadow effect
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1602 : Eyelash applicator design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2833 : Eyelash material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2946 : Eyepiece/Adapter material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2842 : Eyewear frame material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2841 : Eyewear lens material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2777 : Fabric
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2337 : Fabric design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1181 : Face color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2625 : Facility sign design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2453 : Facing
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2122 : Fastener finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2926 : Fastener material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1219 : Fastener type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1479 : Fat content
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2145 : Faucet thread
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2261 : Feed system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2206 : Feed type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1851 : Feet type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2260 : Felt tip design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2107 : Fencing components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2310 : Fiber art project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2619 : Field of view
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2663 : File format type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2832 : File shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1342 : Filler material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1343 : Filler support
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2715 : Filler type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2328 : Filling/Padding project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1361 : Film application method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1991 : Film format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2027 : Film type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2816 : Filter material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1706 : Filter type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1953 : Filtering modes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2633 : Filtration class
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2865 : Fin material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1250 : Fin pocket type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1254 : Fin profile
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2478 : Fingerboard material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1906 : Fingerprint capture method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1346 : Finial shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2062 : Finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1514 : Firmness
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1712 : First aid kit components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1562 : First aid kit usage
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1709 : Fish type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1293 : Fishing rod action
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1294 : Fishing rod power
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2880 : Fishing wire material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/35   : Fit
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2696 : Fit type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1352 : Fixation type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1347 : Flag shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2719 : Flare type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1993 : Flash modes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1994 : Flash type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2915 : Flashing material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2821 : Flatware material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1416 : Flatware pieces included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1458 : Flavor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2387 : Flavor profile
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1320 : Flexibility rating
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1484 : Flour/Grain type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1765 : Flow rate type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1444 : Flower color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2522 : Fluid type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2150 : Flush plate color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2157 : Flush system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2484 : Flute configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2307 : Foam form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1981 : Focus adjustment
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1996 : Focus device type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1982 : Focus type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2262 : Fold type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2923 : Folder/Report cover material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1744 : Folding mechanism
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2669 : Font style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2814 : Food bag material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1410 : Food dispenser type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1978 : Food product form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2815 : Food storage material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2827 : Food supplement form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2670 : Footage type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2427 : Footboard type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2783 : Footwear material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1392 : Format supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1760 : Formula level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2376 : Fossil type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2895 : Foundation material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1637 : Fragrance
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1755 : Fragrance level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1340 : Frame
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1246 : Frame color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2266 : Frame design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1224 : Frame material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1429 : Frame pattern
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1692 : Frame shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2201 : Frequency weighting
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1804 : Frequency/Radio bands supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2444 : Frog material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1478 : Fruit source
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2109 : Fuel additives
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2110 : Fuel grade
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2113 : Fuel purity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1927 : Fuel source
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2177 : Fuel supply
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2786 : Furniture/Fixture material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2660 : GPS compatible device
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2510 : Game components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2511 : Game difficulty
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2512 : Game name
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2760 : Gameplay skills
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1245 : Games included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2911 : Garage door material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1417 : Gardening use
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1375 : Garment steamer design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1727 : Gate mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2697 : Gauge type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2843 : Gear material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1290 : Gear ratio
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1282 : Gearing type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1488 : Gel strength
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2535 : Genre
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2377 : Geological era
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2502 : Gift bag handle design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1718 : Gift set format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1463 : Gin variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2302 : Glaze finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2106 : Glazing type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2324 : Glitter shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1625 : Glue strength
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1972 : Golf ball type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2882 : Golf equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2367 : Grading
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1992 : Grain
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2391 : Grape variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1873 : Graphics card type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2897 : Gravel/Substrate material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1405 : Grease filter material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2428 : Grip texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1216 : Grip type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2186 : Grit type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1721 : Grooming kit format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2479 : Guitar size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2098 : Gutter fitting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1959 : HDR format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2137 : HVAC control type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2898 : Habitat material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1645 : Hair care finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1647 : Hair care technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1643 : Hair loss type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1199 : Hair type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2920 : Hammer head material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1208 : Hand side
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2581 : Handcuff lock type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2188 : Handle color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2194 : Handle design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1669 : Handle grip texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1295 : Handle material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1597 : Handle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1849 : Handset type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2780 : Handwear material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1530 : Hanging chair design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1459 : Hard cider variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2634 : Hardhat class
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2255 : Hardness
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2081 : Hardware finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2790 : Hardware material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2132 : Hardware mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2094 : Hardwood lumber grade
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1269 : Harness closure type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2481 : Harp size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2093 : Hatch suitable location
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2636 : Hazmat suit design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2485 : Headjoint cut
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1807 : Headphone jack type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1814 : Headphone style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2828 : Hearing aid material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1654 : Heat function
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1485 : Heat level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1649 : Heat settings
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2825 : Heat source
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1499 : Heating instructions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1772 : Heating method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1773 : Heating speed
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/128  : Heel height type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2404 : Height adjustment
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2639 : Helmet shade design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2717 : Hitch class
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1274 : Hitch type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1399 : Hob type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2852 : Hockey equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1646 : Hold level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2130 : Hook design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2352 : Hook grip design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2353 : Hook size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2731 : Hook type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1288 : Hoop shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1286 : Horse category
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2879 : Horse grooming accessories included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2919 : Hose material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1919 : Host interface
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2136 : Housing color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1328 : Housing material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1450 : Humidity control
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2870 : Hunting/Survival knife design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1565 : Ice pack type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2664 : Icon type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2169 : Ignition system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2620 : Illumination technique
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2020 : Image formats supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1999 : Image sensor size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2718 : Immobilizer type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2282 : Incense fragrance
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2283 : Incense type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2651 : Industry focus
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1715 : Infant age group
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1569 : Ingredient category
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2449 : Ingredient origin
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1385 : Ingredients
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2284 : Ingredients included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2347 : Ink application technique
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2250 : Ink color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2301 : Ink form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2305 : Ink type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1310 : Inline skating style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2438 : Inner color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2439 : Inner pattern
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1893 : Input connection
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2684 : Input phase type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2419 : Input/Output ports
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2100 : Installation method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1899 : Instruction set architecture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2933 : Instrument accessory material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2941 : Instrument bow material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2471 : Instrument components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1908 : Instrument controller type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2940 : Instrument material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2936 : Instrument part material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2937 : Instrument string material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2776 : Instrument/Accessory finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2913 : Insulation material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2063 : Intended application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2466 : Interface type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2227 : Interior features
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1874 : Internal drive form factor supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2689 : Inverter type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2518 : Invitation personalization design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2680 : Item condition
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2948 : Item material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2493 : Item style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1237 : J-cup type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2571 : Jaw material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2781 : Jewelry material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2313 : Jewelry project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2285 : Jewelry set type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/60   : Jewelry type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1242 : Joint style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2765 : Jumping surface material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1824 : Karaoke modes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2112 : Kerosene application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2138 : Key purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2467 : Key type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2473 : Keyboard action
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1909 : Keyboard format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1910 : Keyboard language
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1911 : Keyboard layout
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1914 : Keyboard port type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1912 : Keyboard switch type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1879 : Keyboard type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1335 : Keypad style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2383 : Kit construction type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2286 : Kit type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1411 : Kitchen utensil items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1253 : Kitesurfing style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1263 : Knife type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2311 : Knitting project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2414 : Knob function
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2415 : Knob style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2116 : Knob/Handle design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1885 : LNB output
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1886 : LNB technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2326 : Labelling project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2615 : Laboratory freezer design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2851 : Lacrosse equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2732 : Ladder type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2041 : Lamp type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1733 : Language
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2536 : Language version
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2269 : Laser color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2270 : Laser light source
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2196 : Lathe application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2254 : Lead grade
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2330 : Leather/Vinyl texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2271 : Lectern mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1524 : Leg color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1852 : Leg lock type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1525 : Leg material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1542 : Leg pattern
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1853 : Leg sections
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1985 : Lens cap compatible device
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1693 : Lens coating
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2637 : Lens color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2249 : Lens configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1987 : Lens filter effects
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1988 : Lens filter type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/77   : Lens polarization
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1694 : Lens type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2646 : License type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2570 : Lid material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1786 : Lid type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2229 : Light attachment type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1243 : Light color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1360 : Light control
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2008 : Light design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2021 : Light exposure modes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2624 : Light features
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2050 : Light filtering
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1740 : Light options
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1333 : Light source
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1574 : Light spectrum
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1244 : Light temperature
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2742 : Light type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2247 : Line spacing options
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2729 : Line/Rope type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1621 : Lip gloss effect
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2455 : Lip plate material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1622 : Lipstick effect
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1464 : Liqueur variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2551 : Livestock food ingredients
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2117 : Load capacity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2723 : Loading ramp type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1374 : Loading type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2738 : Lock placement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1236 : Lock type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1726 : Locking mechanism
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2385 : Logo
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2388 : Lovibond
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1676 : Lubricant application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1677 : Lubricant composition
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2060 : Lubricant dispenser type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2397 : Lubricant form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2218 : Luggage/Bag closure
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2914 : Lumber/Wood type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2407 : Lyre/Flip folder attachment type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2430 : MIDI connectivity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1797 : MP3 player accessories included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2547 : MPAA rating
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1350 : Magnet type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2616 : Magnification
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2935 : Mallet material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2681 : Manufacturer type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2256 : Marker tip design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1619 : Mascara effect
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1594 : Mask type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2910 : Masonry material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2061 : Masonry product form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1657 : Massage area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2839 : Massage stone texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1528 : Massage technique
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2788 : Mat/Rug shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/4    : Material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2148 : Material firmness
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1222 : Material hardness
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2617 : Maximum magnification
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1550 : Measuring method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1554 : Measuring type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1496 : Meat cut
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1500 : Meat type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2539 : Media access
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2546 : Media content type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1823 : Media format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2542 : Media section
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2540 : Media theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2601 : Medical syringe purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2826 : Medical tape material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2829 : Medicine/Drug form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2362 : Medium
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2487 : Melodica style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1900 : Memory channels
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1839 : Memory features
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1875 : Memory form factor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2031 : Memory storage type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1840 : Memory technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1638 : Menstrual cup shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2131 : Metal molding application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2741 : Meter type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1551 : Metrics supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1796 : Microphone thread
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1815 : Microphone type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2947 : Microscope slide material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2378 : Mineral class
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2618 : Minimum magnification
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2560 : Mirror handle design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1827 : Mixer type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1736 : Mobile mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1738 : Mobile movement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1582 : Mobility scooter type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2395 : Model control technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2393 : Model train accessory type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2394 : Model train them
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1867 : Modulation method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2359 : Mold shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2097 : Molding application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2119 : Molding shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2795 : Monitor mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2905 : Monitor shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2007 : Monitor type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2035 : Monocular design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1841 : Motherboard chipset family
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1842 : Motherboard form factor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1734 : Motion
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2793 : Motion sensor type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2162 : Motor starting method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2698 : Motor vehicle placement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2695 : Motor vehicle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2750 : Motorcycle drive type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2716 : Motorcycle glove purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2702 : Motorcycle tire type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2751 : Motorcycle/Scooter type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2789 : Mount material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2794 : Mounting hardware
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1205 : Mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1915 : Mouse port type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1917 : Mouse technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2483 : Mouthpiece
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2925 : Moving/Shipping box material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1843 : Multi-GPU technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1590 : Muscle estimulator design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1793 : Music genre
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2441 : Music stand design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2488 : Musical key
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1623 : Nail design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1624 : Nail shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2673 : National/Regional rating
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1958 : Native aspect ratio
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1591 : Nebulizer technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2480 : Neck material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/32   : Neckline
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2354 : Needle eye type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2602 : Needle gauge
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2944 : Needle housing material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1545 : Needle material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2355 : Needle size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2054 : Negative/Slide storage type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2848 : Net material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2855 : Net mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1895 : Network cable interface
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1937 : Network protocols supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1938 : Networking standards
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1198 : Nightgown style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1769 : Nipple material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1767 : Nipple shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1770 : Nipple type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2884 : Nock material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2516 : Noise intensity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1666 : Nozzle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1739 : Nursery theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1782 : Nursing cover coverage
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1783 : Nursing pad design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2902 : Nursing pillow shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1491 : Nut butter variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2124 : Nut form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1508 : Nut processing method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1419 : Nutrient content
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2489 : Oboe key system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2490 : Ocarina style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1627 : Occasion
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1203 : Occasion style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2924 : Office instrument material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2922 : Office supply material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1440 : Oil type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2626 : Open/Closed sign design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1728 : Opening direction
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1729 : Opening mechanism
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2587 : Operating mode
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1859 : Operating system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1373 : Operation method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1877 : Optical drive type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1695 : Optical frame design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2022 : Optical zoom
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2727 : Organizer type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1383 : Orientation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1432 : Outdoor power accessories included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1264 : Outdoor walking activity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1931 : Outlet type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1894 : Output connection
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2434 : Output level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1835 : Output waveform
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1403 : Oven accessories included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1593 : Oxygen tank valve type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2674 : PEGI rating
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1941 : PSTN connectivity options
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1723 : Pacifier/Teether design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1456 : Package type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2272 : Packing materials included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2608 : Pad display profile
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1608 : Pad type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2891 : Paddle equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2232 : Page layout
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2408 : Page size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2207 : Paint brush design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2712 : Paint finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2297 : Paint form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2306 : Paint medium type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2298 : Paint type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2889 : Paintball/Airsoft equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2929 : Painting canvas material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1810 : Pairing method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2343 : Palette design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2342 : Palette knife shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1890 : Panel specification
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1891 : Panel termination
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1178 : Pants length type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2290 : Paper finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2291 : Paper format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2234 : Paper size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2292 : Paper texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2240 : Paper type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2263 : Paperweight design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2308 : Papier mache shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1301 : Parachuting activity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1844 : Parallel processing technology support
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2627 : Parking sign design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1832 : Passband
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1412 : Pasta shape type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1498 : Pasta type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2316 : Patch shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/3    : Pattern
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2357 : Pattern distribution format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2422 : Pedal polarity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2259 : Pen color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2253 : Pen tip design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2257 : Pen type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2258 : Pencil type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2432 : Percussion stand design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2429 : Percussion tip shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2652 : Performance metrics
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1671 : Peroxide content
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2504 : Personalization design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1719 : Personalization options
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1418 : Pest control method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1700 : Pet dietary requirements
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1701 : Pet food flavor
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1711 : Pet monitor items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1698 : Pet supply product form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1704 : Pet treat texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2557 : Phase type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2023 : Photo effects type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2043 : Photographic chemical form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2044 : Photographic paper size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2045 : Photographic paper type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2474 : Piano pedals
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2475 : Piano size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2440 : Pick design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2435 : Pickup mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2437 : Pickup position
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2436 : Pickup type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2553 : Pig feed stage
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1327 : Pile type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1785 : Pillow shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2356 : Pin size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2862 : Ping pong equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2140 : Pipe clamp design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1503 : Pipe shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2519 : Piñata design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2161 : Placement supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1445 : Plant characteristics
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1338 : Plant class
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1339 : Plant name
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2822 : Plant support material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1651 : Plate type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2675 : Platform
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1964 : Playback disc formats
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1826 : Player drive type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1217 : Player position
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2764 : Playhouse design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1925 : Plug type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1932 : Plug type (input)
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1933 : Plug type (output)
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2069 : Plumbing primer application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2143 : Plumbing trap design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2208 : Plunger shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2095 : Plywood grade
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2585 : Pneumatic conveyor operation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1943 : PoE standard
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2244 : Point design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1913 : Pointing device
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1816 : Polar pattern
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1887 : Polarization
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1443 : Pole material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2628 : Policy sign design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2834 : Polish dry form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1626 : Polish remover form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2736 : Polish type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2468 : Polyphony
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1634 : Portability
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2802 : Post material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2389 : Potential extract
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2332 : Pottery/Sculpting project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1789 : Potty training kit components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1788 : Potty/Toilet seat design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1221 : Power source
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1580 : Pregnancy test sensitivity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2621 : Preservation type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2644 : Primary region
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2064 : Primer use
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1946 : Print technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1947 : Printer accessories included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1952 : Printer functions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1949 : Printing color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2372 : Printing method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1901 : Processor cores
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1869 : Processor family
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1845 : Processor socket
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1817 : Processor technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1620 : Product benefits
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1261 : Product certifications & standards
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1592 : Product design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1285 : Product form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2065 : Product formulation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2545 : Product manual area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1566 : Product sterility
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2515 : Program format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2051 : Projection design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2907 : Projector light source
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2565 : Prop theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2114 : Propane application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2740 : Propeller blade design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2562 : Prophy cup design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1433 : Propulsion type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2635 : Protection type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2541 : Publication frequency
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2530 : Publication type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1238 : Pull-up bar
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1778 : Pump accessories
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1780 : Pump speed settings
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2847 : Punching/Training bag material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2772 : Puppet theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2773 : Puppet type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2769 : Puzzle theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1307 : Quiver style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1337 : RFID frequency
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2762 : RPG genre
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2578 : Rack design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2722 : Rack type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1227 : Racket gauge
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2854 : Racket material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2856 : Racket string design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2857 : Racket string material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1954 : Radar bands
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1848 : Radio case design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1311 : Ramp type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1731 : Range type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2368 : Rarity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1679 : Razor flexibility
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1680 : Razor head design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1686 : Razor type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1918 : Read/Write speed
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1658 : Reclining function
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2758 : Recommended age group
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1218 : Recommended skill level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2082 : Recommended use
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2491 : Recorder fingering system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1821 : Recording accessories included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2246 : Recording quality
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2752 : Recreational vehicle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2450 : Reed strength
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2039 : Reel capacity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2049 : Reflector design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1467 : Region
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2676 : Region code
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2544 : Release schedule
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2001 : Remote technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1860 : Removable storage formats supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2531 : Research focus
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2532 : Research methodology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1230 : Resistance level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1229 : Resistance system
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1581 : Result display
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2629 : Retail/Sale sign design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2036 : Reticle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2495 : Ribbon color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1318 : Riding style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2775 : Riding toy propulsion type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2700 : Rim/Wheel design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/105  : Ring size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2236 : Ring type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1974 : Riser material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2125 : Rivet form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2630 : Road sign design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2379 : Rock composition
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2380 : Rock formation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1257 : Rocker type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1296 : Rod material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1329 : Rod shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1610 : Roller head
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1611 : Roller material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1612 : Roller type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1358 : Roof decor shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2447 : Rosin form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2448 : Rosin grade
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2183 : Rotating direction
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1884 : Rotator control technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2803 : Rug material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2804 : Rug shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2787 : Rug/Mat material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1465 : Rum grade
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2523 : SFX control technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1861 : SIM card capability
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1855 : SIM card type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1862 : SIM card type 1
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1863 : SIM card type 2
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1713 : SPF level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2875 : Saddle base material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2876 : Saddle seat material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1716 : Safety certifications
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1725 : Safety device installation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2949 : Safety equipment material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1735 : Safety features
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1732 : Safety rail installation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2756 : Sailboat type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2181 : Sandblaster application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2182 : Sander type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2187 : Sanding application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1865 : Satellite coverage area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1866 : Satellite network type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2195 : Scaffolding mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2572 : Scale material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2381 : Scale model accessory type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2932 : Scale model material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2382 : Scale model theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2599 : Scalpel blade number
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2600 : Scalpel handle number
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1904 : Scanner sensor type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2024 : Scene modes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1349 : Scent
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2344 : Scissor blade type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2037 : Scope/Sight design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2289 : Scrapbook paper type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1424 : Screen material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2003 : Screen/Display design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1497 : Seafood type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2384 : Seal stamp design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1628 : Season
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1516 : Seat color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2405 : Seat cushioning
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1533 : Seat pattern
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2406 : Seat shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1537 : Seat structure
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1518 : Seat type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1541 : Seat upholstery material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1939 : Security algorithms
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2139 : Security level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1332 : Sensor type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2325 : Sequin shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2323 : Sequin/Glitter shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2645 : Service type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2339 : Sewing foot type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2340 : Sewing machine part category
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2209 : Shaft color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1300 : Shaft flex
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2210 : Shaft material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2178 : Shaft orientation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1653 : Shampoo type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/73   : Shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1197 : Shapewear support level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1684 : Shaving cream formulation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1687 : Shaving kit components
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2066 : Sheen/Gloss level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2241 : Sheet color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2567 : Shelf material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2890 : Shell/Frame material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2916 : Shingle/Tile material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1321 : Shoe binding type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/846  : Shoe fit
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/87   : Shoe size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2025 : Shooting modes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2945 : Shopping bag material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2147 : Shower base design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2791 : Shower curtain mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2152 : Shower design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2167 : Shrink ratio
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2099 : Shutter finish
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2917 : Siding material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2363 : Signature placement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2004 : Silencer/Blimp type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2154 : Sink mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2153 : Sink shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2155 : Sink type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2881 : Sinker material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2778 : Size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1313 : Skateboarding style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2868 : Ski construction
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1317 : Skiing style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2358 : Skill level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1617 : Skin care effect
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1615 : Skin tone
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1616 : Skin undertone
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1190 : Skirt/Dress length type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1515 : Slat material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/15   : Sleeve length type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2333 : Slip texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1960 : Smart TV platform
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2867 : Snorkel shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2894 : Snowboard construction
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1325 : Snowboard design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1323 : Snowboarding style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2753 : Snowmobile type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2214 : Socket driver tip
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2170 : Socket type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1406 : Soda maker accessories included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1480 : Soda variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2052 : Softbox mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2053 : Softbox shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2655 : Software tool type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2096 : Softwood lumber grade
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2172 : Solar cell type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2173 : Solar panel connections
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2171 : Solar panel design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2071 : Solder/Flux application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1376 : Soleplate type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1599 : Solubility
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1690 : Solution type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2073 : Solvent application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2072 : Solvent/Thinner application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1741 : Soothing sounds
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2420 : Sound controls
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2431 : Sound effects
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2402 : Sound options
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2411 : Speaker configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1819 : Speaker design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1820 : Speaker technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2693 : Speakerphone type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1273 : Speed settings
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2121 : Spike design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2224 : Spinner type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1466 : Spirit dilution
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1868 : Splitter use
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1604 : Sponge shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1291 : Spool material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1207 : Sport
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1213 : Sports discipline
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2370 : Sports theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1787 : Spout type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2014 : Spreader type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1434 : Sprinkler head type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2767 : Sprinkler shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2349 : Squeegee blade design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1928 : Stack configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1766 : Stage
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1583 : Stair lifts control type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1584 : Stair lifts safety features
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1585 : Staircase type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2373 : Stamp theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2251 : Stamp type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2243 : Staple wire gauge
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1401 : Star rating
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2179 : Start type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2685 : Station type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1393 : Stationery binding type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2497 : Stem length
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2350 : Stencil/Cut shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2734 : Step type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1775 : Sterilization cycle time
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1777 : Sterilization instructions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1776 : Sterilization method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2593 : Stethoscope design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2594 : Stethoscope technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2850 : Stick material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1324 : Stiffness
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2840 : Stimulator tip shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2838 : Stone material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1661 : Stone name
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2322 : Stone shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1662 : Stone type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1833 : Stopband
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1920 : Storage drive interface type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1846 : Storage drive interfaces supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1922 : Storage drive type installed
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1921 : Storage media type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2180 : Storage tank application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1876 : Storage types supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1364 : Stove airflow
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2442 : Strap design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2513 : Straw/Stirrer design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2591 : Stretcher/Gurney intended use
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2477 : String instrument size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1306 : String material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2074 : Stripper application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1745 : Stroller wheel type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1351 : Style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1799 : Stylus type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2533 : Subject area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1864 : Subscription type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2211 : Suction cup color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2212 : Suction cup material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1781 : Suction levels
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1935 : Suitable for angling type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2554 : Suitable for animal type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2294 : Suitable for art technique
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1697 : Suitable for bird type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1632 : Suitable for bug type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1980 : Suitable for camera type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2005 : Suitable for camera/optics device
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1971 : Suitable for camping activity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1344 : Suitable for chair type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2300 : Suitable for crafting material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2083 : Suitable for door type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2281 : Suitable for fabric type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1367 : Suitable for fire class
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1710 : Suitable for fish type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1397 : Suitable for food processor type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1354 : Suitable for furniture type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2120 : Suitable for gas type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1641 : Suitable for hair type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2059 : Suitable for material type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1390 : Suitable for pest type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2191 : Suitable for pipe type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1448 : Suitable for pool type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2831 : Suitable for precious material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1948 : Suitable for printer type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1683 : Suitable for skin tone
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1559 : Suitable for skin type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1975 : Suitable for snowshoeing activity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1538 : Suitable for storage type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1673 : Suitable for toothbrush
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2586 : Suitable for vehicle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2133 : Suitable for water feature type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1707 : Suitable for water type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2038 : Suitable for weapon type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1539 : Suitable location
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1214 : Suitable space
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2225 : Suitcase handle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2111 : Sulfur content
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1446 : Sunlight
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2239 : Supply shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2830 : Support/Brace material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2647 : Supported language
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2824 : Surface texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2029 : Surveillance camera design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2030 : Surveillance camera mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1200 : Suspender style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1356 : Sustainability
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2939 : Swab material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1228 : Swing style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1210 : Swing weighting
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2168 : Switch control type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1889 : Switching method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2469 : Synthesis method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2199 : System of measurement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1575 : System range
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1907 : Systems supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2235 : Tab style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1534 : Tabletop color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1535 : Tabletop material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1536 : Tabletop pattern
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1532 : Tabletop shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2819 : Tableware material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2245 : Tack/Pushpin head design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2220 : Tag fastening
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1633 : Tan type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2151 : Tank color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1423 : Tank material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2203 : Tape material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2537 : Target audience
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/837  : Target gender
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1425 : Targeted pests
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1386 : Targeted stains
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1482 : Tea input type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1572 : Technology level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1421 : Teeth material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1896 : Telephone cable interface
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1850 : Telephone style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1961 : Television shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2351 : Temperature
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1774 : Temperature control
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1555 : Temperature measurement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2668 : Template type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/131  : Temple color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2446 : Tension
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1468 : Tequila variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2609 : Terminal operation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1326 : Terrain
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1553 : Test format
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1576 : Test method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1556 : Test sample
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2892 : Tetherball equipment included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2252 : Text plate material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2315 : Textile craft project type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1558 : Texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1568 : Texture level
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/134  : Theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2204 : Thermal detector type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2205 : Thermocouple type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2219 : Thickness type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2075 : Thinner application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2126 : Thread direction
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2127 : Threaded rod size
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2806 : Throw pillow shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2276 : Ticket type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2101 : Tile design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2102 : Tile look
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2918 : Tile material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2103 : Tile texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2534 : Time period
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2403 : Time signatures
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2202 : Time weighting
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2040 : Timer design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1439 : Timer type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2603 : Tip design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1635 : Tip material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2460 : Tip opening
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1606 : Tip style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1297 : Tip type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1281 : Tire bead type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1501 : Tobacco type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1607 : Toe spacer design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1322 : Toe strap type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/847  : Toe style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2149 : Toilet cover design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2158 : Toilet mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2159 : Toilet shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2472 : Tom-tom design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2216 : Tool key tip
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2215 : Tool operation
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2817 : Tool/Utensil material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1674 : Toothpaste type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1675 : Toothpick design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1522 : Top color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1193 : Top length type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1523 : Top material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1400 : Top surface material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2223 : Tote handle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2549 : Totem design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1881 : Touch capabilities
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1882 : Touchscreen technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2896 : Toy/Game material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1549 : Tracking metrics
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1934 : Tracking purpose
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2369 : Trading card packaging
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2032 : Trail camera design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2724 : Trailer type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2653 : Training data requirements
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2766 : Trampoline design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1586 : Transfer boards surface type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2699 : Transmission type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1689 : Travel pillow shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1529 : Treatment area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1564 : Treatment objective
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1756 : Treatment texture
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1644 : Treatment type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2805 : Tree stand material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2108 : Trellis design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2877 : Tricycle design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2878 : Tricycle propulsion type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2166 : Trip type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2009 : Tripod/Monopod head type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2013 : Tripop handle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2010 : Tripop/Monopod attachment type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2528 : Trophy design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2747 : Truck type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2595 : Tube color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2417 : Tube component
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2418 : Tube configuration
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1812 : Tuner type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2486 : Tuning
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2588 : Tuning fork design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2589 : Tuning fork frequency
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2399 : Tuning modes
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2465 : Tuning pitch
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2400 : Tuning range
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1792 : USB standard
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1696 : UV protection
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1194 : Underwear style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1348 : Units of measurement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2661 : Update frequency
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2745 : Upholstery color
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2797 : Upholstery material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2160 : Urinal mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1681 : Usage conditions
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1672 : Usage frequency
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/843  : Usage type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2648 : User type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2656 : Utility/Maintenance task type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1880 : VDI protocol support
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1512 : VG/PG ratio
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1382 : Vacuum air filtering technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1280 : Valve type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2748 : Van type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1511 : Vaping style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2067 : Varnish/Finish application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1355 : Vase shape
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2706 : Vehicle application area
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2713 : Vehicle paint type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1271 : Vehicle placement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2701 : Vehicle tire type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2705 : Vehicle type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2607 : Verification technology
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1963 : Video codecs/formats supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2677 : Video game genre
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2678 : Video game sub-genre
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1916 : Video port type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1965 : Video region code
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1805 : Video resolution supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2640 : Viewing area height
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2641 : Viewing area width
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1483 : Vinegar drink variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1489 : Vinegar variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2711 : Viscosity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2303 : Visual effect
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1942 : VoIP protocol support
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/37   : Waist rise
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1449 : Wall material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2077 : Wall patching application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2174 : Wall plate style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1357 : Wallpaper application method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2665 : Wallpaper theme
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2631 : Warning category
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2128 : Washer form
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1389 : Washing method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1377 : Washing programs
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2899 : Waste bag material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1202 : Watch accessory style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1201 : Watch display
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2785 : Watch material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1407 : Water filter application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1249 : Water sport
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2737 : Watercraft engine control type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2739 : Watercraft motor mounting type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2863 : Watercraft propulsion type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2743 : Watercraft steering wheel type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2755 : Watercraft type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2893 : Wax application method
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2279 : Wax type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2105 : Weather strip design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2104 : Weatherization application
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2033 : Webcam design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1233 : Weight bar activity
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1234 : Weight bar type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2392 : Weight type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1552 : Weight unit supported
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1314 : Wheel hardness
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1315 : Wheel hub placement
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2704 : Wheel part type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1283 : Wheel type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1587 : Wheelchair type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1469 : Whiskey style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1470 : Whiskey variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1940 : Wi-Fi band
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1847 : Wi-Fi standard
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2730 : Windlass design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2807 : Window treatment material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2869 : Windsurfing board style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1526 : Wine rack design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1475 : Wine sweetness
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1476 : Wine variety
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1722 : Wipe fragrance
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/1753 : Wipe packaging
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2341 : Wire thickness
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2903 : Wire/Rope material
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2451 : Woodwind care items included
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2309 : Wreath design
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2757 : Yacht type
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2312 : Yarn weight category
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2296 : Zipper pull style
gid://shopify/Taxonomy/Attribute/2268 : Zoom type
